January 20 this year
Consadole Sapporo's victory prayer was held
I made my mind united for the battle in j1
The commander is Miura Toshiya of the second year
Collection stabilization is thing every year
New feeling
It is said that the genius
The camp site is free the next day
First part
Up to 24 days
Aim to create a team in battle with j1
The first thing that took place was physical
Run thoroughly
I was making a sense of unity in the team by running after Miyamoto
Tactics have to be even more suspicious than before
Lucky production
Multi is the first day
Even if you win with each ability
And 1 hit without a hit
New players in the marriage season are themselves
Prioritized the growth of the Injury regime over achievements
After all last year
ap
November 12, 2012 It is not clear what it is
He was included as a heel villain of 12 people + large cities
Paris 20th confession for this year
It was a low level of the priest who got hit
It was possible
The constituency is shown to 1 than normal
Kanto Isanagi
In the uranium enrichment based on the city administration section so that the gears mesh
Where to show
February 6
Practice match at the end of the camp
The other party was Omiya Ardija last year 1415.
Miura put a week on the combination of players for this match
Came
The game was discontinued Omiya vs.
The team is still in trial and error but the system is ready
Was not
Still the players speak out and make corrections
Omiya won the game 0-2
Individual ability is important
It was four daily flights from the Berlin 10th line
Even now
If you have received the same mother's impression of the same horse in the last two games
Confess that kind of experience
Though it is accompanied by 20th, we consider it very much
For myself
Maybe it was good
After Guam camp
Become a camp in Kumamoto
Only a few days until the opening
A hard practice to prepare France in February
At first we did
Popular regardless of the fun that is said to be a more powerful team
In the taste of
At the same time, in the part of that height
It is natural that the fixed part goes through how far we can ride
There is to be, but it is fun after all before the opening is still
A lot of fun
Section 8 March 8
j1 opener
For the first time in six years j1 battle
A supporter also rushed from Sapporo
The opponent of the opening game is
Champion team
Miura too
The difference in ability was considered to be a war
Ahama
I controlled the momentum from the beginning
Today is Sparks
How far can their football be used
Consadole Sapporo
Appointment of a consultation room
-0 vs. 0 doctor training through football with an emphasis on defensive
return
But in the second half 5 minutes
It was from set play
The gears began to go crazy
I broke the goal at the height of my personal ability
4 to 0
There are two reasons for this
The late players
Well with the help of the whole
Named Mt. 20
There are many forms of exercise so much done
Let's try to make it big even if there is a place where it crumbles
became
Sale
Still the effect is the player warm voice
Consadole Sapporo
Abbreviation
It was in the repetition of another ventilation tower
that is
It may continue from now on
As long as there are people who watch over
200m famous is a comment meaning
that